with a little chilly this morning I just
thought I'd come out here and look at my
shed after I've had a night to sleep on
it and all pull the joy looks pretty
good that's going to be some sweet right
there make a big difference to have just
that much more storage space can be a
really big deal I was thinking last
night I want to I got another brace
that's going to go right here in the
middle that help support our roof I
don't think it'll some think it'll been
too much between now and the time I get
a chance to put that in there but almost
kind of good to walk around i'm going to
have walls and windows in this thing
when i get to with it be all wide open
like this yeah and i'm just thinking
about all the possibilities like I've
got two or three old engines stands back
here that are always in the way and I'm
thinking you know if I if I mounted them
up in the rafters over here especially
up on this tall and I could get them up
high enough where they're completely out
of the way that would be real good
because when you're not using them
they're just big off the hunks of metal
that's good that's gonna be real good
can't wait to have another day off to
work on this some more oh the joy all
right then
whether we're ready or not it snowed
last night i was actually ready yep I
was thinking that I don't know just
didn't have don't have snow tires on the
cars yeah not really ready for it but
here it is anyway yeah so I can't work
on the shed today because I have to go
to work dang but a little snow on the
roof not enough to hurt up there but
i'll get back to this as soon as i can
and will get her finished for too long I
never closed in so when it snows out
here to be a nice dry spot but for now
it is what it is
you